DBZ-2901 Update README for building Debezium locally before running non-core repos (#6)
debezium/debezium-connector-cassandra: README.md

## Building the Cassandra 3.x connector

> Building Cassandra connector first requires [Debezium](https://github.com/debezium/debezium) to be built locally using `mvn clean install`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building this connector first requires the main [debezium](https://github.com/debezium/debezium) code repository to be built locally using `mvn clean install`.
```
